Qa 0.21 (#969)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: CHANGELOG.md

- fluentd are upgraded from 2.4.0 to 5.0.15 and fluentd-elasticsearch are upgraded from 10.2.1 to 13.3.0. Elastisys also made their own fluentd-elasticsearch container image using fluentd-plugin-opensearch 1.0.4 to work with opensearch.
- Changed the grafana image tag from 8.2.7 to 8.4.7 in both user-grafana and kube-prometheus-stack, as the latter has less vulnerabilities.
- Changed the harbor chartmuseum image tag from 2.2.1 to 2.4.2 as the latter has less vulnerabilities.
- Exposed fluentd-elasticsearch buffer settings in the wc-config.yaml

> - Increased fluentd `FOR` alerts to 30m, decrease number of unnecessary alerts.

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
- Increased fluentd `FOR` alerts to 30m, should decrease number of false-positive alerts.
```
